let him go
okay
yeah
use your eyes
get off the ropes problem figure it out
figure it out good that's using your
body nice there it is good now you're
out
all right
is it
nice minute
you warm you stay warm
i Spivak 1310 six
time get in there get close that's it
go pressure and go all the way in
yeah shoulder shoulder that's it yeah
and there go get close figure it out
punches in bunches that's it yeah right
in there
that's it nice and relaxed staying close
taking some shots rolling thinking about
angles thinking about hi-low stand calm
that's it staying relaxed keeping those
hands up
nice that's that uppercut good finding
it you're finding it
that's it getting their clothes get in
their clothes
that's a challenge using your body yep
setting it up that's it that's it get in
there close
sit stay in there tight stay in there
tight look and hooks and uppercuts hooks
up cuts short cross there you go
30 seconds punches in bunches
good they're tenting
three-two-one